In this section we're going to talk about a tool that is becoming increasingly popular in javascript
land typescript.
What is typescript before we understand that we must first learn about the types of programming language
that we have.
That is because time script changes.
One of the fundamental concepts of javascript.
It makes javascript which is a dynamically typed language into a language that is static typed.
What does that mean.
In this section we're going to learn about the idea of static typing versus dynamic typing.
We'll show you some of the tools that allow us to use static typing which might be useful.
And also talk about some of its downsides.
We're then going to learn typescript by actually writing it and we're going to finish off this section
by actually adding typescript to our robo friends up and at the end.
We're finally going to be able to tell Brunow what we think of typescript and whether we should add
it to our robo friends project or not.
It's going to be another fun one.
So let's get started and see you inside.